docs(ldap-auth-advanced) add more notes (#2779)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ldap-auth-advanced/index.md

example, considering a case where there are nested `"OU's"`. If a
top-level DN such as `"ou=dev,o=company"` is specified instead of
`"ou=role,ou=groups,ou=dev,o=company"`, the authentication will fail.

> Referrals are not supported in the plugin. One way to work around this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referrals are not supported in the plugin. A workaround is
```

to hit the LDAP Global Catalog instead, which is usually listenning on a

> different port than the default `389`. This way, referrals don't get sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different port than the default `389`. That way, referrals don't get sent
```

back to the plugin.

The plugin doesn’t authenticate users (allow/deny requests) based on group
membership. For example:

> - if the user is member of an LDAP group, the request will be allowed -> 200 OK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the user is a member of an LDAP group, the request is allowed.
```

> - if the user is not member of an LDAP group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK

Author: ```suggestion
- if the user is not a member of an LDAP group, the request is still be allowed.

The plugin obtains LDAP groups and sets them in a header, `x-authenticated-groups`, to the request before proxying to the upstream. This is useful for Kong Manager role mapping.
```

> - if the user is _not_ member of a group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK

Author: ```suggestion
- if the user is not member of an LDAP group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK
```

> - if the user is _not_ member of a group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if the user is _not_ a member of a group, the request is still allowed.
```

> - if the user is _not_ member of a group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK

Author: ```suggestion
- if the user is _not_ member of a group, the request will still be allowed -> 200 OK

The plugin obtains LDAP groups and sets them in a header, `x-authenticated-groups`, to the request before proxying to the upstream. This is useful for Kong Manager role mapping.
```

example, considering a case where there are nested `"OU's"`. If a
top-level DN such as `"ou=dev,o=company"` is specified instead of
`"ou=role,ou=groups,ou=dev,o=company"`, the authentication will fail.

Referrals are not supported in the plugin. A workaround is
to hit the LDAP Global Catalog instead, which is usually listenning on a
different port than the default `389`. That way, referrals don't get sent
back to the plugin.

The plugin doesn’t authenticate users (allow/deny requests) based on group
membership. For example:
- If the user is a member of an LDAP group, the request is allowed.

> - if the user is not a member of an LDAP group, the request is still be allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
- if the user is not a member of an LDAP group, the request is still allowed.
```

> The plugin obtains LDAP groups and sets them in a header, `x-authenticated-groups`, to the request before proxying to the upstream. This is useful for Kong Manager role mapping.

Author: ```suggestion
The plugin obtains LDAP groups and sets them in a header, `x-authenticated-groups`,
to the request before proxying to the upstream. This is useful for Kong Manager role
mapping.
```

example, considering a case where there are nested `"OU's"`. If a
top-level DN such as `"ou=dev,o=company"` is specified instead of
`"ou=role,ou=groups,ou=dev,o=company"`, the authentication will fail.

Referrals are not supported in the plugin. A workaround is

> to hit the LDAP Global Catalog instead, which is usually listenning on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to hit the LDAP Global Catalog instead, which is usually listening on a
```
